{'who are metallica?': "Metallica is an American heavy metal band formed in Los Angeles, California. Metallica was formed in 1981 when vocalist/guitarist James Hetfield responded to an advertisement posted by drummer Lars Ulrich in a local newspaper. The band's current line-up comprises founding members Hetfield and Ulrich, longtime lead guitarist Kirk Hammett and bassist Robert Trujillo. Guitarist Dave Mustaine and bassists Ron McGovney, Cliff Burton and Jason Newsted are former members of the band.", 'what is san giovanni rotondo?': 'San Giovanni Rotondo is the name of a city and comune in the province of Foggia and region of Apulia, in southern Italy. In 2006 it had a population of 26,442.', 'who are iron maiden?': "Iron Maiden are an English heavy metal band formed in Leyton, East London, in 1975 by bassist and primary songwriter Steve Harris. The band's discography has grown to thirty-eight albums, including sixteen studio albums, eleven live albums, four EPs, and seven compilations.", 'who are the beatles?': 'The Beatles were an English rock band, formed in Liverpool in 1960. With members John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era.[1] Rooted in skiffle, beat, and 1950s rock and roll, the Beatles later experimented with several musical styles, ranging from pop ballads and Indian music to psychedelia and hard rock, often incorporating classical elements in innovative ways. In the early 1960s, their enormous popularity first emerged as "Beatlemania", but as the group\'s music grew in sophistication, led by primary songwriters Lennon and McCartney, they came to be perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the counterculture of the 1960s.', 'what is huawei?': 'Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. (/ˈhwɑːˌweɪ/; Mandarin Chinese: Huáwéi [xu̯ǎu̯ěi̯]\xa0( listen)) is a Chinese multinational networking and telecommunications equipment and services company headquartered in Shenzhen, Guangdong.[3] It is the largest telecommunications equipment manufacturer in the world, having overtaken Ericsson in 2012.[4]', 'what is sea?': 'A sea is a large body of salt water that is surrounded in whole or in part by land.[1] More broadly, "the sea" is the interconnected system of Earth\'s salty, oceanic waters—considered as one global ocean or as several principal oceanic divisions. The sea moderates Earth\'s climate and has important roles in the water cycle, carbon cycle, and nitrogen cycle. Although the sea has been travelled and explored since prehistory, the modern scientific study of the sea—oceanography—dates broadly to the British Challenger expedition of the 1870s.[2] The sea is conventionally divided into up to five large oceanic sections—including the IHO\'s four named oceans[3] (the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, and Arctic) and the Southern Ocean;[4] smaller, second-order sections, such as the Mediterranean, are known as seas.'}